Main things that have been completed:

1. V1 of the backend langgraph has been completed: 
    1.1 Router node that filters 3 diff responses
    1.2 Node 1 which guides user when they're uncertain on what to do at all and provide initial guidance
    1.3 Node 2 which is answering user questions because they're uncertain about how to move forward
    1.4 Node 3 which evaluates the code that has been provided and figures out if it's good or not

2. Currently in the midst of integrating the front-end to the backend: 
    2.1 front-end has been completed
    2.2 using flask to get the two to talk to each other
    2.3 figuring out how to set up the endpoint with the backend
    2.4 using docker to host in the meantime

Next Steps:

Backend: 
1. Integrate with the ureca students agents and figure out which would be more ideal for this project (2-3days)
2. Integrate with existing rubric that we've come up with to provide the user with some update on how they've performed overall (~hrs)
3. Set up the list of leetcode questions and answers in a db (1 day) [done]
4. Have the AI agent 3 grade the user using the ideal answers provided in the db itself (~hrs) (needa scrape the answers online)
5. Create a state that stores user login information, past questions completed and past ratings provided to the student (half completed - need to create user view right now)

Frontend: 
1. Need to integrate the backend with the Frontend (2-3 days) (done)
2. Change the current method of capturing user input from text input to voice input (~hrs) (not yet)
3. Fix the IDE being used (aka monaco) to include syntax highlighting (~hrs)

Others:
1. Deployment (1 day)
2. User testing (1 week, will run concurrently)
3. 



Notes:

1. consider a serverless applicaiton like azure funciton. 
2. create a webapp as an azure function which might be easier 
3. 24th main submission for report, feedback will be provided by examinor and FYP coordinator, with ammendments then you can do the final 
submission on 25th Apr whcih will go online 
4. ideally 50 people should test the website if possible 




